hey YouTube it's team cardboard here I
have some pretty awesome news for you
guys today as you guys may know I was a
big fan of the old score Dragon Ball Z
card game and the game has been living
online through lots of fans there's been
electronic versions and all kinds of
stuff but I find there's been
confirmation that a company called
panini America has got the rights and is
remaking the old Dragon Ball Z card game
there have been lots of scan images and
pictures of the cards on there nine
hundred percent identical to the old
game but essentially it seems like all
the mechanics are there masteries
personalities all the different cuts of
combat cards this is awesome news I mean
I know a lot of people in Hope in one
day the game would return and I didn't
think it ever actually would but it was
just announced back in July and there
have been some some looks from San Diego
comic-con and some things like that so
on this is pretty awesome guys on if you
want to go ahead and get more
information take a look at some of these
scans and stuff my guys got to go head
over to retro DBZ CCG comm I will put a
link in the description below these guys
are pretty awesome I mean they pretty
much been keeping that old game alive
you know so power to them I mean that's
probably the most dedicated communities
I've ever seen to a dead card game um
but they have all the information there
you can go get a look at you know what
the cards look like what's been spoiled
so far any information about it to find
it all there so um yeah this is awesome
news guys I'm really hyped up but this
is coming back I grew up with this game
and I sold collect it even today so to
see it coming back is gonna be fantastic
so just let me know what you guys think
I mean are you guys interested are you
guys gonna go get this game I know some
people on here I've still been
collecting the game maybe haven't really
played it but um you know it was an
expensive game to get because the ultra
rares and stuff were pretty hard and
there are lots of you know promos and
stuff like that and exclusives but it
looks like they're gonna try to make it
easier to get some of these cards um
everything will be printed out and
everything for you guys so it'll be a
lot easier to either than trying to find
these old boxes and these old ultra
rares on eBay and stuff so it looks like
it'll make the game cheaper but we're
have everything brand-new and redone so
um I just wanna know with you guys are
interested in where you guys are gonna
pick this game up you know I mean even
just as a collector's thing this is
pretty awesome but I'd like to see this
game become popular again in a
competitive way you know actually see
some comic book and and hobby stores
picking this game up cuz it was it was
great back in the day and it's good to
see it back now I mean I've even wanted
Dragonball Z car game of any kind to
come and you know back to the US because
I know you know we had this game for a
long time and it was great and it lasted
many many sets then we had the Bandai
one which didn't do very well
because it really wasn't you know
promoted as much in the Naruto game kind
of overtook that they had remade the
score one and then a quarter there was a
miracle car battle which never came over
from Japan so any kind of Dragon Ball Z
car game for me would have been awesome
but I'm really hyped Dada we're getting
this one back so just please let me know
what you guys think and you know comment
a message